.TH VENDSTAT 8 "February 10, 2010" "OpenIB" "OpenIB Diagnostics"

.SH NAME
vendstat \- query InfiniBand vendor specific functions

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vendstat
[\-d(ebug)] [\-G(uid)] [\-N] [\-w] [\-i] [\-c <num,num>]
[\-C ca_name] [\-P ca_port] [\-t(imeout) timeout_ms]
[\-V(ersion)] [\-h(elp)] <lid|guid>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
vendstat uses vendor specific MADs to access beyond the IB spec
vendor specific functionality. Currently, there is support for
Mellanox InfiniSwitch-III (IS3) and InfiniSwitch-IV (IS4).

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
See infiniband-diags(8) for common options.

.PP
.TP
\fB\-N\fR
show IS3 or IS4 general information.
.TP
\fB\-w\fR
show IS3 port xmit wait counters.
.TP
\fB\-i\fR
show IS4 counter group info.
.TP
\fB\-c\fR <num,num>
configure IS4 counter groups.

Configure IS4 counter groups 0 and 1. Such configuration
is not persistent across IS4 reboot.
First number is for counter group 0 and second is for
counter group 1.

Group 0 counter config values:
 0 - PortXmitDataSL0-7
 1 - PortXmitDataSL8-15
 2 - PortRcvDataSL0-7

Group 1 counter config values:
 1 - PortXmitDataSL8-15
 2 - PortRcvDataSL0-7
 8 - PortRcvDataSL8-15


.SH EXAMPLES

.PP
vendstat -N 6		# read IS3 or IS4 general information
.PP
vendstat -w 6		# read IS3 port xmit wait counters
.PP
vendstat -i 6 12	# read IS4 port 12 counter group info
.PP
vendstat -c 0,1 6 12	# configure IS4 port 12 counter groups for PortXmitDataSL
.PP
vendstat -c 2,8 6 12	# configure IS4 port 12 counter groups for PortRcvDataSL

.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Hal Rosenstock
.RI < hal.rosenstock@gmail.com >
